update README to have installation info (moving build instructions to a separate file) (#2182)
libjxl/libjxl: README.md

[![Gentoo](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/gentoo/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![Homebrew](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/homebrew/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![KaOS](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/kaos/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![Manjaro Stable](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/manjaro_stable/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![MSYS2 mingw](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/msys2_mingw/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![OpenMandriva Rolling](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/openmandriva_rolling/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![openSUSE Tumbleweed](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/opensuse_tumbleweed/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![Raspbian Testing](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/raspbian_testing/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)
[![Termux](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/termux/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)

> [![Ubuntu 23.04](https://repology.org/badge/version-for-repo/ubuntu_23_04/libjxl.svg)](https://repology.org/project/libjxl/versions)

Reviewer: Add MacPorts and vcpkg as well please?

Author: Done

Reviewer: Err, the MacPorts line/link seems to have been truncated somehow?

In most Linux distributions, installing `libjxl` is just a matter of using the package management system.

> E.g. in Debian-based distributions: `apt install libjxl-tools` will install `cjxl` and `djxl`,
> other tools like `benchmark_xl` are available in the package `libjxl-devtools`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example in Debian-based distributions: `apt install libjxl-tools` will install `cjxl` and `djxl`
and other tools like `benchmark_xl` are available in the package `libjxl-devtools`.
```

Reviewer 2: this is now not fixed again in the pushed version...
